Welcome everyone to the section on working with pandas with time series data now that we have an understanding
of how to work with pandas for general data let's go over a few key points of working of time series
data with the panda's library the majority of our data sets will be in the form of a time series that
is it has some sort of date time index and some sort of corresponding value per that date time index.
For example some stock price for a particular date on the index Well we're going to be doing in this
section is learning how to use this special time series features to work the sort of data this section
will cover the following.
We'll talk about that time in the CS.
Talk about time resampling how to work with time shifts and then we'll also discuss Pansy's built in
rolling and expanding methods OK let's get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.